[Music]
okay
imagine you arrive in Quebec and decide
to go satisfy your hunger in KFC only
it's not KFC you're going to its pfk
what it turns out that marketing
specialists work hard to adapt both
product names and packaging designs for
the needs of different national markets
as a result some products that people
are used to in one country may look and
taste totally different in another see
for yourself
number one coca-cola light people from
Europe tend to get confused when
striving to spot coca-cola light in
American or British supermarkets what
they might not know is that in these
countries low-calorie coca-cola is
called diet coke why well the thing is
in many parts of the world diet often
doesn't mean low calorie and the
coca-cola light label for Europe on the
other hand these days the coca-cola
company is advertising a new name for
this product eventually coca-cola zero
is supposed to replace coca-cola light
altogether replace coca-cola light why
that joke still works what number two
Eleanor
when people from Europe Japan and Russia
wash their clothes they often use a
popular fabric softener called Lenoir
but no matter how hard you try to find
this product in the US all you'll see on
the shelves will be blue bottles labeled
down it luckily there's no need to
despair downy is the same fabric
softener just with a different name hmm
number three Olay Olay a popular
cosmetics brand produced by Procter and
Gamble has been known under many aliases
Oil of Olay Oil of Olay --zz oil of all
an oil of Mulan choose the one to your
liking okay not that last one but hey I
think I'd like to see oil of Mu Shu
anyway in 1999 the company finally made
its choice and the brand got the name we
used nowadays Olay but it turned out
that not all countries were happy about
this decision
that's probably why people in Germany
Italy the Netherlands and Belgium still
come to cosmetic stores to buy oil of
olay x' or simply ole's number four
Cocoa Krispies
created by an American food producer
this breakfast is a favorite choice of
people all over the world but
paradoxically not all of them munch on
Cocoa Krispies
what gives it's about the name once
again in New Zealand South Korea Italy
the UK and South Africa you'll buy a box
of Coco Pops cereal for breakfast but if
you're in Portugal Germany Spain
Switzerland in Austria Peru's
supermarket shelves for choco Krispies
as for the US here we know this product
under the name of Cocoa Krispies number
five tied another product of Procter &
Gamble Tide laundry detergent has not
one but three names in Central Europe
this product is known by the name of
vizir and in Turkey you'll buy olive
interestingly local marketing
specialists don't only decide which name
will be accepted better in a particular
country they also determine the form of
the product depending on which type of
cleaning locals prefer that's why in
Indonesia and the Philippines for
example you'll find tide in the form of
soap number 6 mr. clean want to know a
record breaker for the number of names a
product has in different countries then
welcome mr. clean
however confusing it is most big
countries have their own names for this
famous cleaning product among them
you'll find mr. clean in Canada and the
US mr. Pope ray in France Meister proper
in Germany Mastro Lindo in Italy mr.
proper in some Slavic countries and
maestro limpio in Latin American
countries as for Great Britain and
Ireland they have a short and
straightforward named for the famous
cleaning product flash yeah I'm not
going there
number 7 Burger King in 1954 one of the
most famous American fast food chain
restaurants got its name Burger King and
today you can find these restaurants in
almost 18,000 locations but
unfortunately you won't be able to visit
Burger King in Australia you see when
the cheese owners were thinking of
opening a branch in this country to
their dismay they found out that the
name Burger King had already been taken
that's why there was nothing left to do
but renamed the Australian branch to
hungry Jack number 8 vaseline vaseline a
popular remedy for dry skin sounds
different in Spanish and Portuguese
that's why if you need this product
let's say in Brazil or Mexico make sure
you ask for Vasan hora number 9
KFC if you ever visit the
french-speaking province of Quebec
Canada don't waste your time trying to
find one of these famous fast-food chain
restaurants what we call KFC in the US
has the name pfk in Quebec and no wonder
after all pfk which stands for Paulette
freaking funky is exactly how you
translate kentucky fried chicken into
french number 10 axe axe is a popular
brand of grooming products for men that
was launched in France in 1983 but soon
enough
just as the company decided to expand
the producers discovered that the name
axe had already been taken by other
companies in several big countries on
top of that for English speakers the
word axe
could hardly be associated with
cosmetics pleasant smells and such as a
result they changed the brand name in
countries like the UK Ireland Australia
China and New Zealand so if you need a
new deodorant when visiting these places
look for the one called links rather
than axe number 11 dove
dov is a popular chocolate brand you can
find nearly everywhere in the world but
if you come to Egypt India or the UK
look for chocolates named galaxy no
worries though despite a different name
this yummy treat tastes exactly the same
as the more common dove chocolate and in
the US be sure not to confuse dove
chocolate with Dove soap mmm boy number
Dannan the founder of the world famous
dairy brand Danone named the company
after his son's family nickname and
that's exactly how this brand is known
all over the world but not in the US on
supermarket shelves here you'll see
these dairy products labeled Danone is
it a misprint nope it's the brand
executives attempt to make their
production sound more American before
the renaming lots of customers from the
US used to pronounce Danone as two words
Dan and one number 13 milky way people
from Europe are used to the chocolate
covered bar Milky Way which is wrapped
in blue packaging with little white
stars but if you want to munch on the
same bar in the US search for the one
called Three Musketeers as for the
American Milky Way that comes in a brown
package be ready for it to taste like a
mars bar oh my how confusing hey I'll
take all three number fourteen leis few
people know that modern-day leis first
appeared in the UK under the name of
walkers more than seventy years ago
however in 1989 PepsiCo the producer of
the leis you eat today bought walkers
and renamed its crispy product but guess
what in Great Britain they still crunch
walkers the popular potato chips have
changed their package design but the
name remained the same but that's not
all it turned out that Lay's have other
names in different countries around the
world for example in Australia
should ask for Smith's and in Mexico for
Sabritas number 15 Rexona the Rexona
brand which produces world-known
deodorants and antiperspirants appeared
in australia in 1969 but if you try to
find this oh so useful product in
different countries around the world you
might be in for a surprise for example
in the US and Canada this brand is
called degree in South Africa shield in
the UK and Ireland
sure and in Japan and South Korea
Rex ena oh boy how am I supposed to
remember all this number 16 nor most
people no nor a brand that produces
dried soups and stock cubes but few have
ever heard of Royko or Continental right
well at least unless you live in
Indonesia or Australia but in fact it's
the same product
Royko is what this brand is called in
Indonesia
and in Australia noir goes under the
name of continental number seventeen B
so ever heard of low fat margarine
called B so nope and how about the one
called promise ah that sounds more
familiar right but in fact they're one
in the same product just in two
different countries be so and Belgium
and promise in the US what's more this
margarine has one more name in the UK
it's called flora 18 t.j.maxx a renowned
American retailer t.j.maxx miraculously
turns into TK Maxx once you go to Europe
the thing is that in 1994 when the
company decided to open its first shop
in Bristol they had to modify the name
otherwise customers could mistake the
newly open store with the British retail
chain TJ Hughes number 19 sprite in
China you won't find a bottle of sprite
even if you try really hard but pay
attention to the drink called Chevy it's
the same soda so many people are crazy
about
unfortunately the original name wasn't
the best fit for the Chinese market so
the producers had to find another one
and they succeeded in Chinese chef means
snow and B means Bluegreen so the name
speaks for itself
my guess by the way coca-cola has a
different name in China as well Kaiko
coli which is the name the drink goes
under in this country means tasty fun
well okay all right how about you do you
know any other products that look taste
or have unusual names in different
countries let me know down in the
comments if you learn something new
today then give this video a like and
share with a friend but hey don't go out
searching for oil of Mu Shu just yet we
can have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out all you have to do is pick
the left or right video click on it and
sit back and enjoy stay on the bright
side of life